hi everyone today I'm gonna do baked
fish with tamarind sauce Cambodian call
it bright and compare them here I have
two big fish with scale they're
freshwater bass and red bass I already
take out the inside of the fish but
leaving the scales on so that when we
bake it the fish will stay nice and
moist stuff the fish cavity with the
lemongrass cover the fish with the
aluminum foil we're going to bake the
fish in the ovens preheat the oven to
375 degrees Fahrenheit and bake the fish
for about 25 to 35 minutes after 25
minute test to see if the fish discs
cooked here I insert a spoon inside the
thickest part of the meat if the meat
fall off easily the fish Disko make sure
not to overcook the fish or else the
meat will be dry and flaky now we're
going to start with a tamarind sauce to
dip with the fish here are the
ingredients I use 1/3 cup of tamarind
paste and to make the tip to make the
tamarind gets off faster I add one and a
half cups of hot water and let it sit
for 30 minutes after 30 minute it will
become loosed and creamy like this
this is granulated sugar
and also fry garlic mince the garlic
first and then pan fry it until it's
golden brown and crispy this is dry
roasted ground chili for the seasoning
we have shrimp paste salt and fish sauce
corn stock is to adjust the thickness of
the sauce if the sauce is not thick
enough you can use cornstarch to make it
thicker here I add 1/2 tablespoons of
cornstarch to 2 tablespoons of cold
water after the sauce is done we going
to top it with ground roasted peanuts
now we're going to start cooking the
tamarind sauce because there are seeds
and skin in the tamarind we're going to
strain it with the fine strainer place
it on top of a small pot on medium heat
stir it and with the back of the spoon
push the tamarind pulp again SAS
strainer to release the liquid you can
never get all of the tamarind meats out
but get as much as you can you can also
add more water to this
at first add about 3 tablespoons of
sugars add 1 tablespoons of shrimp paste
add dry roasted a hot chili any amount
that you like
at about 1 tablespoons of fish sauce add
a little bit of salt scoop out the
bubble and the residue that rises on top
give it a taste if needed adjust the
seasoning by adding more shrimp paste or
sugars or fish sauce that should have
the right balance of sweet and sour
salty and a little bit spicy the
consistency of this sauce should be
similar to barbecue sauce like an a1
sauce if the sauce is not thick enough
add some corn starch alas add fry garlic
to serve this scoop up the sauce into a
small individual bowl and top it with
roasted ground peanuts when the fish is
warm enough to handle we going to remove
the skin with a spoon or knife separate
the skin from the meat and slowly pull
back the skin exposing the meats
here I already have the vegetable
prepared also have Cambodian call it's
slip mechanic they has a sour taste and
also Cambodian call it slips Dao it has
a bitter taste and I think it goes
really well with grilled fish and the
tamarind sauce but if you don't like the
bitter taste you can use a regular herbs
to eat this it's very easy we're going
to use our hand pick up a piece of
lettuce top it with sliced cucumbers
bean sprout if you have it your favorite
herbs such as basil mint and any others
scoop up a piece of fish
wrap the lettuce around and dip it with
the tamarind sauce that's it I hope you
like this dish
Creole fish but tamarind sauce try on
the capital thanks for watching